[DENJI panting]
[DENJI]
Better get to work.
[POCHITA barks]
[DENJI] Tree cuttin' nets me
about 60 thousand yen a month.
And that kidney I just sold was,
uh, one point two mil.
My right eye was 300 thousand.
Sold one of my nuts, too.
How much did that go for again?
Not even a hundred K, I think.
[DENJI] So, as of today,
I owe over 38 million yen.
[POCHITA barks]
[growls]
What, Pochita?
You ready to kill something?
Well, that makes two of us.
[DENJI] Most devils ain't
what you'd call "good,"
but a dead one's good
for about 300 thou.
Huntin' devils is easily
the best way to make some cash.
[sighs] Yeah, this thing's
gotta be the Tomato Devil, sir.
Burn the seeds or it'll use 'em
to come back for round two.
[YAKUZA A]
Ah, excellent work, Denji.
Someone on the
black market is bound to
pay a hefty sum
for this fresh corpse.
How's 400 thousand sound to you?
Sounds awesome!
[YAKUZA A]
That's before subtracting your
debt payment and
interest, though,
which whittles it down
to 170 thousand.
Then there's the
finder's fee, admin fee,
management costs, and so on.
[DENJI]
Just 70 K left for me.
I definitely gotta use this cut
to pay the water bill,
then there are the debts
I still owe to other people.
Funny how that works.
We're already down to
eighteen hundred yen, Pochita.
There's nothin' to eat
back at our place,
which means we have to make
this eighteen hundred yen
last the rest of the month.
For dinner tonight,
let's go full-on carb-ivore
and split a slice
of bread, okay?
I really don't
understand why you hire
a punk like that
to take out devils.
It's to ensure he pays off
the mountain of debt he owes us.
Though his worthless
dead dad accrued it,
Denji's the one
stuck with the bill.
Is a broke-ass kid
and his creepy little pet
honestly the best fit
for this sort of job?
Authentic Devil Hunters
wouldn't do what Denji does.
Dealing the carcasses
of their kills to the yakuza
is too scandalous for them.
But not him.
Denji's biggest perk
is how obedient he is.
[GOON A]
Hey, Fido!
[DENJI]
Hm?
I'll give ya a hundred yen if
you swallow this cigarette. Hm?
Whoa! You will?
Alrighty, down the hatch
this sucker goes!
[laughs]
[YAKUZA A]
We'll be in touch.
Keep in mind, you're pig slop
if you try to skip town.
[chuckles]
Now we're set for
another three days.
[POCHITA barks]
[DENJI]
Guess what I found out recently.
It's considered "normal" to
eat your bread with jam on it.
Too bad normal's
a pipe dream for folks
down on their luck like us, huh?
Bet that I'll bite the big one
before I ever pay off this debt.
Prolly won't kick it with a girl
before I kick
the bucket, either.
My rinky-dink shack doesn't
exactly scream romance,
and no dough to go on dates.
[whimpers]
If dreams do come true,
then before I croak,
I wanna be with a girl.
[YAKUZA A] That cowardly
bastard strung himself up
before paying this
month's installment.
Look, kid. I don't care if you
beg or whore yourself out.
I want 700 thousand yen
by tomorrow.
Otherwise, we chop you up
and sell the bits. Got it?
[chainsaw revving]
[POCHITA growling]
[DENJI]
A chainsaw?
[gasps]
[DENJI]
It's a devil.
Hurry up 'n' do it
if you're gonna kill me.
I'm dead either way.
[POCHITA growling]
[POCHITA groaning]
[DENJI]
You're hurt.
Death's comin'
for both of us, huh?
[DENJI gasps]
Take a bite!
I heard that by drinking blood,
devils can heal whatever
wounds they've got.
If you don't wanna die,
then bite me!
[groans]
My blood doesn't come free.
You're signing a contract!
I helped you out
and saved your life.
Now, return the favor.
[DENJI] Because, like you,
I'd rather not die yet.
[DENJI panting]
Here's an idea.
Hire me as a devil hunter
so I can pay off what I owe.
I'm way too hungry
to sleep right now.
I think about money
when I can't sleep,
which makes falling
asleep even harder.
[DENJI] When I do cop some z's,
I know what dream I wanna have.
Gonna put jam on all my bread
and split every piece with you.
Then I'll lay on the charm
and flirt with a girl.
We'll spend the night
playing video games together
and hug each other
as we doze off.
Sweet, right?
[barks]
[DENJI coughs]
[DENJI]
This just runs in my family.
They said my mom died
from a heart condition
that made her cough up blood.
[knocking]
[YAKUZA A]
Got a new devil for you, Denji.
Time to go to work.
[DENJI]
Wish they'd let me dream,
at least for a little bit.
[DENJI] You sure a devil
showed up in here, sir?
Apart from us,
I don't see a soul.
You think it's hiding somewhere?
Or maybe it made like
a bird and flocked off.
[gasps]
[YAKUZA A]
Denji, my boy.
You know we're grateful
for your years of service, yes?
Um, yeah, o' course.
[YAKUZA A] You're as loyal
and obedient as a dog,
and to top it off, you work for
cheap treats like one as well.
[DENJI]
Uh...
[YAKUZA A]
Only problem with dogs is
I can never tolerate the stench.
[coughs]
[YAKUZA A]
The yakuza may be powerful,
but even the ones on top dream
of getting bigger and richer.
So we took a page from your book
and struck a deal with a devil.
[YAKUZA A] We wanted
to obtain demonic power
and see ourselves grow stronger.
[ZOMBIE DEVIL]
Whereas I want to see every
Devil Hunter
in existence perish!
I have to tell you,
little Devil Hunter.
I've met rocks that were
smarter than these louts.
Such gullible fools!
I offered them a shred
of my demonic power,
and they willingly
handed their freedom to me
on a silver platter.
Little did they know,
the power they sought would
turn them into zombies,
since I'm the Zombie Devil.
You really should've
chosen an occupation
that doesn't butcher my kind.
Because now I
have to butcher you.
[ZOMBIE DEVIL]
Go, mindless minions.
Tear him apart and
toss every piece you collect
into the dumpster.
[DENJI]
Shit!
[coughing]
[DENJI]
Where's the exit?
[coughs]
[DENJI]
Get off me!
[DENJI screams]
[screaming]
[DENJI]
It's not like I was asking
to be freakin'
king of the world.
Just dreaming of a normal life
was enough to keep me going!
[DENJI screaming]
[DENJI] But I don't even
get to have that much?
[DENJI screaming]
[DENJI]
Pochita. Pochita!
Rise 'n' shine.
We've got a long day ahead.
[chainsaw revving]
[DENJI] Real talk?
I'm 99.9 percent positive
I'm gonna die fighting
a devil someday.
And my one regret will be
leaving you on your own.
What if you can't feed yourself
and just starve to death?
Or another Devil Hunter
slaughters you in cold blood?
There are some
devils in the world
that can take over dead bodies,
or so I've heard.
If you happen to be
one of 'em, Pochita,
I hereby give you
full permission
to take whatever's left of me.
[DENJI] Wait until
after I'm buried, though,
so the yakuza won't
be on your case.
Then you could up and
leave this town,
and be ordinary.
[DENJI]
I want you to live a normal life
and die a normal death.
You'll live out
the dreams I never could.
Pochita.
[barks]
You did it, huh?
Took my body like I asked?
Just so you know,
I've always loved
listening to you
talk about your dreams, Denji.
[gasps]
Here's a new contract for you.
This time,
you're getting my heart.
In exchange,
show me your dreams.
That's all I ask of you.
Pochita!
[panting]
[DENJI]
I'm in one piece.
Pochita?
[ZOMBIES groaning]
[ZOMBIE DEVIL]
Hm? What's going on here?
You're still alive
after being cut to ribbons?
Repulsive freak!
I hate devil hunters because of
how persistent you are!
Go ahead and eat him.
Let's see 'im bounce back
from being devoured!
[ZOMBIES groaning]
[DENJI] These guys had
plenty goin' for 'em already.
Why is it they wanted even more?
[DENJI]
Or maybe we're alike.
Pochita made me happy,
and that shoulda been enough,
but I kept on dreaming
of a better life.
[DENJI] I guess we all fantasize
about getting an upgrade.
Can't really say
I blame you for that.
Dreaming's not
a bad thing, but...
[DENJI] If you're gonna
get in our way...
...then you can all die!
[ZOMBIES grunting]
Eating him's bound to
keep that whelp dead for good.
[ZOMBIES grunting]
[revving]
Huh?
[ZOMBIE DEVIL]
[DENJI yells]
[growls]
What in the world are you?
Did that runt of
a devil you were with
take control of your body?
That means you're one of us!
[gasps]
[ZOMBIE DEVIL screams]
[DENJI cackling]
[ZOMBIE DEVIL screaming]
[DENJI groans]
[DENJI]
My back...
[ZOMBIE DEVIL groans]
It hurts!
Stay away!
[ZOMBIE DEVIL grunts]
Huh?
Move!
[ZOMBIE DEVIL]
Get back! Don't come any closer!
Don't you dare
budge from that spot!
Stay where you are, you freak!
[DENJI grunting]
[ZOMBIE DEVIL gasps]
Go away!
[DENJI yells]
[gasps]
[yells]
[ZOMBIE DEVIL screaming]
[yelling]
[ZOMBIES grunting]
[DENJI]
You guys went full devil,
right down to your twisted,
greedy little hearts.
[DENJI]
And I'm out here tonight
'cause you said you
had a job for me.
I'm on the clock.
So I should kill
you devils dead!
[DENJI cackling]
Oh, yeah! Once you jerks are
worm food, it's bye-bye debt!
[cackles]
I won't owe a damn thing!
[DENJI cackling]
[MAKIMA]
Someone beat us to the punch.
Looks like that one
there is still alive.
Huh. Your scent is
rather peculiar.
It's neither a human's
nor a devil's.
So then, this your handiwork?
[DENJI]
Please, will you hold me?
He's a human.
Is there any indication
that he's been possessed?
[MAKIMA] None. It'd be written
all over his face if he were.
Just so we're clear, I'm a
Public Safety Devil Hunter.
I came to kill the
Zombie Devil that was here.
[MAKIMA]
You have two options:
either you die by my hand
as a depraved devil,
or you let me keep you
as a human being.
For the record,
my pets get delicious food.
Delicious food, huh?
So what's on the breakfast menu?
[MAKIMA]
Hmm. Bread with butter and jam
is always a given at my table.
Coffee and salad's also good.
And then, maybe, dessert?
Yeah.
[MAKIMA]
Hm?
It's like one of my best
dreams ever just came true.